Your here I wrote a comment that this is going to be responsive about that before our media queries
so here I'm going to say this is going to be hashed out here at media and we're going to say screen
here and we're going to say and and this is going to be men with hearing this.
And then we're going to say this is going to be seven hundred seventy six pixels are going to see or
hear soon 7 pixels like this and then we're going to address the rules and order here we're going to
say that the whole about or here is going to be display flex.
So the whole thing I'm going to say this play safe works here and I so we cannot see anything because
this is not only six right.
Then after that we're going to have a ABOUT text and on here we're going to say about and then use text
and then we're going to say mean right.
And this is going to be 40.
You write more like this.
Right.
So the actual thing this guy or here is going to be 40 view right and then or here we're going to say
this is going to be flex man or he'll going to have 0 0 0 Figaro.
We wouldn't want it to grow that.
This is going to be zero for the shrink which means that we wouldn't want to shrink.
And we're going to say 60 percent or right and we're here 60 percent.
And basically what's happening is that if we would want one for growth this would be growing and or
here we would want one for sharing.
This would be actually shrinking but we actually want both opposite don't grow and don't shrink.
And this is going to be 60 percent or here we're going to have an about and we're going to say video
right.
So the other side and the other side we're going to do it pretty much the same.
This is going to be 40.
You hide or hear or help me say flex again zero for ground zero for shrink and 40 percent or so saying
this over here and now let's go ahead and let's actually look what we have.
So here if I'm going to go to a project and if I am actually going to refresh rate you can see that
now they're actually going to be fought side by side.
Right.
And you can see that video is going to be less awkward here than on here the actual paragraphs and paragraphs
over here are going to be more and the video is actually going to be worse.
And now we are ready to move on and work on the next section which is going to be a services section.